hey guys welcome to my Channel today I'm
gonna spend a whole day in South Korea
with me and I'm gonna tell you ten
interesting things about South Koreans
and the country itself and you're gonna
see how a typical entrepreneur spends
his birthday while traveling it's not
relaxing it's working so very interested
to see it continue starting my day with
breakfast in the fridge costs on
[Music]
fact number one Koreans are really nice
we just try to go in the bus but we
don't have a card we don't have like a
local card we don't have a local pool
number and nothing we just had ten
thousand won
we didn't know how to pay America
doesn't do pay pass cards
they are thick set up a pass which
escaped 10,001 but she didn't have
change and she asked us for the phone
number but our phone number is American
there is no way we can get like 7000 was
bad she's so upset but people try to
help when girls just stood up like can't
help you
so like number one Koreans are really
really nice they're really helpful
don't be afraid to ask them things in
the street super nice
[Music]
thank you
the coolest thing just happened to
another passenger stood up went to the
driver and said I'm gonna give them my
cash and you could just refund me on my
card
I've never seen anything
in any country in the world
here from Korea can you tell me down in
comments below why are you guys so nice
what I was surprised by yesterday we
were taking a tour to the border with
North Korea and the guy who was leading
the tour told me that on average people
who work on construction site
$60.00 per day and
skill job if you were driving a car on a
construction site or a special technical
vehicle you make her on floor
birthday this is why so many people are
trying to come to South Korea to work
here
the average salary I just googled into
sixty six thousand dollars per year to
compare with the United States the
average salary in America is $44,000 a
year
[Music]
about Koreans a lot of them have
problems with eyesight the ones that
I've had 10 years ago but then I had a
laser operation there I said is really
bad this is why the signs on the houses
on the buses are really really big so
you can see them from every
long distance and now we're going to see
our partners one of the Korean language
schools and it's located in a district
that you all know just had a meeting
with the school's manager so in this
school you can study both Korean and
English so the majority of international
students who come here they do Korean
but there are also some international
students who come here to prepare for
Isles because this school is an official
IELTS testing centre so guys highly
recommend it if you want to go to the
school the link will be below check it
out and yeah South Korea is one of the
best places to study I'm so amazed by
the culture the school is already on
language of calm and as you remember
looking language courses on Wingra trip
is better cheaper easier and faster the
link is below
[Music]
it costs 1801 to ride on the antic crown
and even if you don't understand Korean
people are so nice you just ask them
when you have to hop off the Metro is
really fast really nice with air
conditioning something that's really
needed today and now we're
the tonight I mean I want to dig aligned
with the pen right yeah I'm currently in
the shop of one of the biggest companies
in South Korea actually the biggest
called Samsung you know and the guy who
owns it is the richest guy in South
Korea his net worth is twenty two
billion dollars his sons net worth is
seven billion dollars and I'm getting a
gift for my dad
galaxy nine with a pen I got a gift from
Samsung selfie stick
car magnet what is this it goes on the
back of your iPad seat hold it
thank you so much awesome
[Music]
see your guys wondering how I get new
clients so you come to Samsung store and
write the name of your website on every
single device okay so how many clients
do you think we're gonna get from this
from 2 to 8 the guy who started Sam's
started selling price in the market many
years ago then he moved on to home
appliances like washing machines and
refrigerators but these are the new ones
and then he started developing mobile
phones that actually conquered the world
and compete with Apple all the time
Samson's revenue equals 326 billions of
dollars that's a lot and another fact
that you should know about Korea if
you're a tourist is that you can get
tax-free for me somebody who lived in
America for more than two years is
actually surprising because in America
you get extra tax when you buy in Korea
you get around 7% off and it depends on
the shop sometimes they will just give
you the discount at the cashier
sometimes you need to travel to the
airport and when you leave you show the
receipts and you get the tax rate in the
case of the Galaxy Note I paid around 1
million won which is around $1,000 and
when I'm at the airport I'm gonna get
$70 back as 8:00
another cool fact about Korea is toilets
because they are so smart they have all
of the buttons they allow you to rinse
your bum to Dre above everything that is
so cool I've tried it and I can 100%
recommend it going to our next meeting
and the next meeting would be with the
founder and CEO of Sandberg and this guy
has raised around 20 million dollars in
Silicon Valley his company has gone
through a Y Combinator accelerator and
he reached out to me on Instagram and
invited to his office we're super
excited to connect with him let's see
the office
in Seoul I'm surprised that I was told
that there is no fourth floor in Korea
and in our hotel there is the fourth war
and almost everywhere well everywhere we
go there's the 4th Ward from the
entrance it is starting from our R&D
centre which is our like backbone of our
infrastructure primarily engineers and
designers and us we have 20 people
mostly sales and marketing we're here
with John CEO and co-founder Sam bird
and bird yes how is your English so good
thank you
I used to live in the United States for
3 years when I was a kid oh good 12 and
15 so did you go to school there yeah I
lived there sorry I went to school there
he really is awesome thank you I watched
a lot of TV shows memorizing the entire
paragraphs really really helped picking
on vocabulary sentence structures and as
adults you know animation is not that
entertaining anymore so I switch over to
stand-up comedy helps a lot so John all
I always demented or asked me is stop
watching Korean drama during weekend yes
I always concentrate and immerse your
you know brain with some English using
content so it has been really helpful
for picking picking on my English what
things may be surprising for
when they come from America to Korea in
Korea you can order food get it
delivered to your door 24/7 non-stop if
you want to drink 24/7 you can drink the
entire year without stopping a single
minute everything is available for seven
you go outside of any building there
would be three to four convenience store
within walking distance
drink more Starbucks and walk the
business so everything is very close to
you and the transportation like subway
the bus
everything is very cheap also the the
bright city lights everywhere you go the
license trees will be extremely bright
we feel very safe you know there's CCTV
literally everywhere also there's no gun
so it's all done
yes prohibited so he's very secure to
walk around 2 a.m.
middle street drunk and you will not be
vote most of what's your top 3 of best
screeners wait wait best after Korean
our computers
Samsung Hyundai's and Chester can you
give the advice for our subscribers like
how to become the preneur successful
person so there's a bracelet I where it
says positive tenacity so basically
trying to not give up there's a lot of
people what I found to be true is a lot
of smart people will give up or all same
time just try to persevere making sure
that you don't give up on things and the
opportunities and great things will
happen so for severance nasty
I think it's that key to becoming
successful
when still studied growing really fast
the citizens realized that there are so
many glass buildings but there are less
and less trees so right now people take
a lot of care about the trees look at
that they're protecting the trunk from
the ropes and when it's winter and it
gets really cold here like almost like
Russia - ten Celsius
they put a special trip to the trees so
it doesn't die and get some water and
some nutrition our next meeting is at
you to Google Korea
[Music]
Google Korea and I'm here at YouTube and
this is the first Google's office where
I'm free to film just like that just
walk in and film I'm doing a lot of
collapse these days with different
creators from different countries
because I'm trying to grow lingo Verena
to different countries all over the
world and we're discussing trends on
Korean YouTube and most are you always
the name again mock fun is the trend in
Korea when you eat and talk about
different things I can focus the trend
and kids channels are trending and
another cool thing that I've learned
about Korean native is that if you have
like millions of hours you're really big
but if you compare yourself with India
in India being up 8 million followers
that's like a really small Channel
because the countries you are enjoying
it a lot top Korean creators with over a
million subscribers
[Music]
that is Eric Schmidt CEO of yeah look at
that
concrete jungle so is so big you can get
in the slush with $3 30 minutes
[Music]
doing some last-minute shopping and then
heading off to the hotel - should have
more videos for you guys stop filming
with Korean honey today thank you
i know'd I use you bloggers I just keep
trying let me talk so nice
we got a small gift heading to our hotel
I'm gonna show you the road it's the
most beautiful hotel I've ever stayed at
then we're gonna film with Korean honey
she's gonna teach me Korean I'm gonna
teach her Russian after that I'm meeting
a girl who runs a tour company here in
Seoul and then I need to post a photo on
Instagram announcing my meet up tomorrow
and then that's it off to bed because
tomorrow I'm flying Sam Hughes Berg